Obsession doesn't care about feasibility.



Topcoder paused their competitions, so I had to go for another 4000.



I appreciate the novelty and all, but Kalki  2898 AD is an abomination. And Prabhas did look like a joker.



We've been tricked into a binary way of thinking that one can either consume or create.

You can 'ignore' it too.



trajectory > results



Hope never dies.



On advice



Doing Hard Things



How many people make it through each day of Replit's online 100 Days of Code tutorial.



If it is creative, it is not predictable. If it is predictable, it is not creative.



A lot of mistakes come from copying people playing a different game than you.



Understanding music teaches you the value of careful listening.



All that we need is a rude awakening to know we're good enough. 
@justinbieber



Wow.



Paul Graham has a great essay called 'How to do great work' where he explains that you need to 'get to the frontier of knowledge' on a particular issue of interest, and it takes work.

But at any one time there is the 'best current theory' on a particular issue. 

And if you



Writing helps me push my clarity frontier.



"If you’re thinking without writing, you only think you’re thinking."  

— Leslie Lamport



Quotes and witty phrases are playing with your mind. Reading them gives you a sensation of total understanding.

If you are provoked to think about something only when you read a quote, that's a problem.



The price you pay for doing what everyone else does is getting what everyone else gets.



A NEW MENTAL MODEL MEGATHREAD HAS ARRIVED!

In 20 tweets I’ll summarize 20 of the most useful principles I know.

Estimated reading time: 4 minutes.

Value: A lifetime.

Thread:



Why do people take kindness for weakness?



A strange thing I noticed recently. 

Most of the interesting and innovative movies are on Amazon Prime, not Netflix. Why is that?



Whenever I search for a movie based on an intriguing storyline, it turns out to be on Amazon (90% of the time).



Mind-blowing article! There's power in stating the obvious efficiently.



@a_m_mastroianni
 is really good at reflecting.



While working at 
@getairchat
, I compiled a series of aphorisms from 
@naval
 about our company culture and policies. Here they are:



The future is here 
@praxisnation



Felt compelled to build an online version of a game I used to play with my friends in school.

Check it out:
https://bollyquiz.netlify.app



ReadEra app is amazing! Highly recommended for reading ePUBs and PDFs.



Life is a dance between surrendering to who you are and becoming who you should be, and the art of wisdom is knowing which one to lean into in each moment.



Do people get what they deserve or what they take



“Competing with yourself” can be summarized as learning - because what is learning, other than improving who you were before?



Your ownership pattern is an expression of your values. 
@SchrodingrsBrat



“The disease of our times is that we live on the surface. We’re like the Platte River, a mile wide and an inch deep. I always say, 'If you want to become a billionaire, invent something that will allow people to indulge their own Resistance.' Somebody did invent it. It’s called



# on shortification of "learning"

There are a lot of videos on YouTube/TikTok etc. that give the appearance of education, but if you look closely they are really just entertainment. This is very convenient for everyone involved : the people watching enjoy thinking they are



Rule 1: If you got a good spawn, don’t fucking blow it



Writers with 2+ years experience, do you use paraphrasing tools or just mentally analyze permutations for sentences?



Does 
@gumroad
 support dynamic content updation for e-book products? Asking for a friend.



A strong message sent by school (and the culture at large) is that your own interests are bad, your own nature is bad, not to be trusted.

Even when your interests are aligned with what is right, that is a product of luck, you are prone to excess, you need to reach your full



so much to build!



Words change worlds.



About to start an exciting project.



Devotional practice.



Yea- imo the wildest thing nobody properly tells you about being very good at something is how it becomes a wingman introducing you to other people who are very good at other things. Then yall can be fans of each other, it’s absolutely delightful and thrilling x.com/fortelabs/stat…



it's easy to think you're not facing the consequences of your behavior when most of the consequences are in opportunity cost



Perplexity is a straight to the point google.

 People need to have a lot of experience to quickly extract relevant information by putting in a concise prompt on google. 
@perplexity_ai
 is an amazing substitute for that experience.



To build something that can truly benefit the world, it's important to develop a sincere interest in people.



It's very rare to meet an adult who hasn't forgotten their childhood enthusiasm and readiness to try new things, and who is still capable of enjoying a good game, a good novel, a good conversation that isn't about business, career, money.



Institutions do not, as a rule, "reform". They are living up to their highest ideals, not compromising them. If you want something different, you have to build from scratch.



Just how autists need to learn the “be human” function, normies need to learn the “be ruthlessly focused on the goal rather than human connection” function.



